c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial.resources
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial1.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial2.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial3.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial4.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial5.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial6.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial7.resources
E:\test\webapp\ServiceStation-master\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial8.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.resources.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial1.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial2.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial3.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial4.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial5.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial6.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial7.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial8.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial9.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial10.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial11.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial12.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial13.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial14.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial15.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial16.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial17.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial18.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial19.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial20.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial21.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial22.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial23.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial24.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial25.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial26.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial27.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial28.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial29.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial30.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial31.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial32.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial33.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial34.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial35.resources
E:\coursework\webapp\ServiceStation\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.Migrations.initial36.resources
